>> Mike North: So first, I wanna make
sure that everyone understands how
huge the problem is
that we have right now.
What you see on the right here,
this is one of these typical ransomware
programs that it is essentially a virus
that spreads across a network encrypting
what it can identify as user data and
then holding it for ransom where you
have to pay some number of bitcoins
to a particular address in order
to get your data decrypted.
This happens all the time and security
experts, when you run into this situation,
will tell you just pay it,
you already got hit,
you already have paid the cost,
there's no way to undo it.
And features and deadlines are always
in competition with the things
like security and things like tech debt
that have a less tangible business value.
Unless there is some compliance that
your business is trying to get,
I've worked with companies
trying to get PCI compliance.
Once you move past that, it's hard
to keep that constant vigilance and
constant awareness going.
Whereas, you're always trying to fix bugs,
and you're always trying to add features.
And so it naturally sorta feels
like a secondary concern.
In particular, web developers have really
fallen behind, compared to our backend and
DevOps counterparts who have to
think about security all the time.
It is a regular part of what they think
about whenever they do something.
What could go wrong?
Who should have access to this?
In the front-end world,
because of a combination of things,
mainly that the target is moving so
fast and we have to learn so
much, and things like performance,
our more pressing concern,
when you talk to business stakeholders,
we are lacking in knowledge
compared to other engineers that may work
at the same companies that we're at.
Attacks are becoming more and more severe.
Over the weekend, Equifax was breached.
They basically allowed a web application
to have access to 147 million
people's Social Security numbers and
credit card information.
There's no reason a web app should've
had access to all that data.
There's no reason that the database
query should've been allowed to
dump all of the records of that table,
that was the database working really,
really, really hard for hours,
like spiked at 100% CPU.
And then letting like gigabytes of data
travel out of their network unnoticed.
So things are getting worse and
worse and worse, and
where we used to have to worry about
the one or two people causing mischief,
now we also have to worry about nation
states that are launching attacks at
other governments and
at private businesses.
And these groups have more resources
than we're used to seeing so
they can attack on a scale
that is unparalleled.
It seems like we're setting
a new record with each breach,
each massively distributed DDOS attack.
So if that weren't bad enough,
the barriers to staging an attack
are lower than earlier.
I'm going to show you
some attack platforms,
some little things that you can buy or
download that literally have an app store
where you can install stuff that will
cause mischief on a Wi-Fi network.
So all of these things kind of compound
into us as web developers needing to take
responsibility as we're writing our own
code and as we're looking on our own apps.
Not depending on our companies automated
audits to protect our users but
rather to build into our own
ability to look at our own code and
to evaluate our features for
completeness and for safety.
The idea of security.
Not just, it won't break, but
also mischief cannot be caused.